guides/profiles/p005/codes/peppol.adoc, before:


= PEPPOL Identifiers

[NOTE]
TODO: Mondorf

PEPPOL has defined a Policy for Using Identifiers that specifies how to use identifiers in both its transport infrastructure and within the documents exchanged across that infrastructure. It also introduces principles for any identifiers used in the PEPPOL environment.

== Profile ID

[IMPORTANT]
All transactions within this profile uses the same profile identifier.

[cols="2*2,2*4", options="header"]
.The table below shows values to be used for the Profile ID
|===

| TransactionID
| Transaction name
| Short Description
| `cbc:ProfileID`

| T009
| Tendering Questions
| The EO sends questions for the Call for Tender to the CA.
.2+.^| urn:fdc:peppol.eu:2020:pracc:p005:01:1.0

| T010
| Tender Answers
| The CA sends answers to all subscribed EOs.

|===

[NOTE]
For implementers, please note that the process identifiers in the document instance MUST correspond to the http://docs.oasis-open.org/bdxr/bdx-smp/v1.0/cs03/bdx-smp-v1.0-cs03.pdf[SMP] process identifier.

Commit message:

Profile 50 added as P005 Tender Clarification
- Profile P005 created
- Transaction T009 created
- Transaction T010 created

guides/profiles/p005/codes/peppol.adoc, after:


= PEPPOL Identifiers

[WARNING]
TODO: Mondorf

PEPPOL has defined a Policy for Using Identifiers that specifies how to use identifiers in both its transport infrastructure and within the documents exchanged across that infrastructure. It also introduces principles for any identifiers used in the PEPPOL environment.

== Profile ID

[IMPORTANT]
All transactions within this profile uses the same profile identifier.

[cols="2*2,2*4", options="header"]
.The table below shows values to be used for the Profile ID
|===

| TransactionID
| Transaction name
| Short Description
| `cbc:ProfileID`

| T009
| Tender Clarification Request
| The CA sends a tender clarification request to the EO.
.2+.^| urn:fdc:peppol.eu:2020:pracc:p005:01:1.0

| T010
| Tender Clarification
| The EO sends a tender clarification to the CA.

|===

[NOTE]
For implementers, please note that the process identifiers in the document instance MUST correspond to the http://docs.oasis-open.org/bdxr/bdx-smp/v1.0/cs03/bdx-smp-v1.0-cs03.pdf[SMP] process identifier.
