guides/transactions/T012/descriptions/index.adoc, before:

[[descriptions]]
= Description of selected parts of the transaction

Limited support for this, see {name-profile-org}.

== Query Response

=== Specification Identification
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=specification-identification]
....
<.> Identifier for the set of rules and transactions for a search notice response.
<.> The value for the specification identification is always "_urn:www.cenbii.eu:transaction:biitrdm100:ver3.0:extended:urn:fdc:peppol.eu:2021:pracc:t012:ver1.0_", just like in the given example.


=== Business Process Type Identifier
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=business-process-type-identifier]
....
<.> Identifier for the business process context of the search notice response.
<.> The value for the business process type identifier is always "_urn:fdc:peppol.eu:2020:pracc:p006:01:1.0_", just like in the given example.

=== Issue Date Time
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=issue-date-time]
....
<.> Date and time when the request was being issued.
<.> The SlotValue type has to be DateTimeValueType. Stick to the format "_yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ss_" and add the timezone in the end (i.e. Z or +01:00). Values for seconds, and the timezone must be given.

=== Sender electronic address
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=sender-electronic-address]
....
<.> The endpoint id is clarified in the type attribute of the slot.
<.> Fill the electronic sender address into this slot.

=== Receiver electronic address
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=receiver-electronic-address]
....
<.> The endpoint id is clarified in the type attribute of the slot.
<.> Fill the electronic receiver address into this slot.

== Registry Object
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=registry-object-list]
....
<.> The Registry object list contains the registry object, which contains the requested form.
<.> Here you can find the uuids from your request as you defined them in the notice (id) and procedure (lid) identifier.
<.> Electronic address used by the buyer, just like the ones from the receiver or sender.
<.> This is the UBL code of the type of document you searched for. Possible values can be taken from the list, which has to be deposited in the type-attribute of the slot.
<.> Reference to the eform.xml with the requested information included.

Commit message:

sequence diagram as plantuml
- pagination.PLANTUML added
- included in T011 and T012
- diagram activated
- annex in T011 and T012 fixed

guides/transactions/T012/descriptions/index.adoc, after:

[[descriptions]]
= Description of selected parts of the transaction

Limited support for this, see {name-profile-org}.

== Query Response

=== Parameter totalResultCount and startIndex

[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[lines=2..16]
....

[cols="4,8", options="header"]
|===
| name
| description

| totalResultCount
| This parameter specifies the size of the complete result set matching the query within the server. When this value is unspecified, the client should assume it is the size of the result set contained within the result. When this value is -1, the client should assume that the number of total results is unknown. In this case the client should keep iterating through the remaining result set for the query until no more results are returned.

| startIndex
| This integer value is used to indicate the index for the first result in the result set returned by the query, within the complete result set matching the query. By default, this value is 0.
|===

[plantuml, pagination-seq-diagram, svg]
.Example of a request with maxResults set to 100.
....
include::../../../shared/pagination.PLANTUML[]
....

=== Specification Identification

[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=specification-identification]
....
<.> Identifier for the set of rules and transactions for a search notice response.
<.> The value for the specification identification is always "_urn:www.cenbii.eu:transaction:biitrdm100:ver3.0:extended:urn:fdc:peppol.eu:2021:pracc:t012:ver1.0_", just like in the given example.


=== Business Process Type Identifier
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=business-process-type-identifier]
....
<.> Identifier for the business process context of the search notice response.
<.> The value for the business process type identifier is always "_urn:fdc:peppol.eu:2020:pracc:p006:01:1.0_", just like in the given example.

=== Issue Date Time
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=issue-date-time]
....
<.> Date and time when the request was being issued.
<.> The SlotValue type has to be DateTimeValueType. Stick to the format "_yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ss_" and add the timezone in the end (i.e. Z or +01:00). Values for seconds, and the timezone must be given.

=== Sender electronic address
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=sender-electronic-address]
....
<.> The endpoint id is clarified in the type attribute of the slot.
<.> Fill the electronic sender address into this slot.

=== Receiver electronic address
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=receiver-electronic-address]
....
<.> The endpoint id is clarified in the type attribute of the slot.
<.> Fill the electronic receiver address into this slot.

== Registry Object
[source,xml,indent=0]
....
include::../files/ExampleSearchNoticeResponse.xml[tags=registry-object-list]
....
<.> The Registry object list contains the registry object, which contains the requested form.
<.> Here you can find the uuids from your request as you defined them in the notice (id) and procedure (lid) identifier.
<.> Electronic address used by the buyer, just like the ones from the receiver or sender.
<.> This is the UBL code of the type of document you searched for. Possible values can be taken from the list, which has to be deposited in the type-attribute of the slot.
<.> Reference to the eform.xml with the requested information included.
